# Hee Jun Hua's Personal Website

Welcome to my personal website! I am **Hee Jun Hua**, a passionate **Frontend
Developer** and **JavaScript Engineer**. I specialize in building interactive,
responsive, and scalable web applications using modern technologies. On this
website, you'll find information about my skills, projects, and experience.

## About Me

I am a motivated software developer with a passion for creating intuitive and
scalable applications. My expertise lies in frontend technologies, particularly
JavaScript, but I am always exploring new tools and technologies to enhance my
skill set. I have a strong foundation in full-stack development and am committed
to continuous learning to stay ahead in the ever-evolving tech landscape.

## Skills & Technologies

### Frontend Development

I have extensive experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I use modern
libraries and frameworks like **React.js** and **Angular** to build dynamic,
high-performance user interfaces.

### Backend Development

My backend experience includes building RESTful APIs using **Node.js**,
**.NET**, and other server-side technologies to ensure smooth communication
between the client and server.

### Database Management

I am proficient in managing and querying databases using **SQL**, **MongoDB**,
and **SSMS** to ensure optimal data storage and retrieval.

### Cloud Platforms & DevOps

I have experience deploying web applications to cloud platforms like **Azure**,
**AWS**, and **Vercel**. I use **Azure DevOps** for CI/CD and manage version
control with **Git**.

### Networking

I have knowledge of **Cisco Networking**, including LAN/WAN setup,
troubleshooting, and network security principles.

## Why I Do What I Do

I am deeply passionate about **problem-solving** and **innovation**. I thrive in
environments where I can contribute to the development of creative solutions
that push boundaries. My goal is always to create software that not only meets
the requirements but also exceeds user expectations in performance, usability,
and scalability.

## Projects

I’ve worked on a variety of projects, including:

- **Interactive Web Applications**:  
  Building responsive web apps with complex UI interactions, designed for
  performance and ease of use.

- **Backend API Development**:  
  Creating RESTful APIs for robust data handling and efficient communication
  between frontend and backend systems.

- **UI/UX Design**:  
  Focusing on delivering seamless user experiences with intuitive designs,
  ensuring that the user’s journey is both smooth and engaging.

---

Feel free to reach out or check out my other projects on
[GitHub](https://github.com/HeeJunHua).
